Service Binding Status Updates (#146)
primaza/primaza: docs/architecture/agents.md

* A Service Account for the agent
* A RoleBinding that binds the ServiceAccount to the Role

When a Service Binding is created in an application namespace, the Application Agent looks for resources mentioned in its specification.

Primaza Application Agent runs a dynamic informer for `Application` Resources mentioned in the Service Binding's specification.
The informer monitors changes to the `Application` matching the Service Binding specifications and updates the Service Binding's status accordingly.

* If the `Application` Resource mentioned in Service Binding specification is updated or created, the secret referenced by Service Binding resource will be projected into all the matching applications.

> * If the `Application` Resource is deleted, then the Service Binding status condition `reason` is updated to `NoMatchingWorkloads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `Application` Resource is deleted and no matching workloads are found in the namespace, then the Service Binding status condition `Reason` is updated to `NoMatchingWorkloads`.
```

Author: Don't think this makes sense. The `Application` Resource  is the resource to be matched with the sed right.

Reviewer: yes, it is. But it may be using the label selector matching criteria, so we may have an event for just one of the bound workloads. If just one of them is deleted, we should not update the reason to `NoMatchingWorkloads`.

Author: Let's call the `getApplication` method to ensure this behaviour

* A Service Account for the agent
* A RoleBinding that binds the ServiceAccount to the Role

> When a ServiceBinding is created on an application namespace, the Application Agent looks for resources mentioned in its specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Service Binding is created in an application namespace, the Application Agent looks for resources mentioned in its specification.
```

> A Role needs to be created which allows to retrive, list and watch ServiceBinding `Application` Resources as Primaza Application Agent runs a dynamic informer for each resource.

Reviewer 2: who creates this role? Let be more specific, is it the agent creating this role or the developer

Author: Thanks, i think this statement can be removed as we already have that documented in L40. The application agent will be creating this role though.

> Primaza Application Agent runs a dynamic informer for `Application` Resources mentioned in ServiceBinding specification.
> 
> The informer monitors changes to `Application` matching the Service Binding specifications and updates the Service Binding accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primaza Application Agent runs a dynamic informer for `Application` Resources mentioned in the Service Binding's specification.
The informer monitors changes to the `Application` matching the Service Binding specifications and updates the Service Binding's status accordingly.
```

> * If the `Application` Resource mentioned in ServiceBinding specification is updated or created, the secrets referenced by ServiceBinding resource will be projected into all  the  application resources that contain the labels matching the label selector or the specific workload if specified by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `Application` Resource mentioned in Service Binding specification is updated or created, the secret referenced by Service Binding resource will be projected into all the matching applications.
```

> * If the `Application` Resource mentioned in Service Binding specification is updated or created, the secrets referenced by ServiceBinding resources will be projected into all  the  application compute resources (CronJobs, Deployments, ReplicaSets, DaemonSets etc…) that contain the labels matching the label selector or the specific workload if specified by name.

Reviewer: is this the intended behavior? I'd say we should enforce Application's `APIVersion` and `Kind` to be defined

> * If the `Application` Resource is deleted, then the Service Binding status is updated to `Malformed`

Reviewer: This should not be updated to `Malformed` if it's not bound to any service. This scenario may happen often as we push the ServiceBinding to all the Application Namespaces. I'd propose to add a status condition here where we say if the ServiceBinding is bound or not

Author: Yeah that's correct, if an application resource is not found yet then the state would be `Malformed` 
https://github.com/primaza/primaza/blob/main/controllers/agents/app/servicebinding_controller.go#L122-128.
Do you think we should make changes here?
